Add wolf-sheep-soil-creep tutorial (#793)
precice/tutorials: wolf-sheep-soil-creep/README.md

Reviewer: Is there any publication to cite regarding this tutorial? Not necessary, just a reminder to add a reference, if there is any.

Reviewer 2: We should eventually add the Bachelor's thesis here, but beyond this PR.

---
title: Wolf-sheep-grass model with soil creep
permalink: tutorials-wolf-sheep-soil-creep.html

> keywords: MESA, Landlab, wolf-sheep-grass, soil creep, ABM

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
keywords: MESA, Landlab, wolf-sheep-grass, soil creep, ABM, agent-based modeling
```

summary: Example of bi-directional ABM-PDE coupling via preCICE.
---

{% note %}

> Get the [case files of this tutorial](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/tree/develop/partitioned-pipe-two-phase), as continuously rendered here, or see the [latest released version](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/tree/master/partitioned-pipe-two-phase) (if there is already one). Read how in the [tutorials introduction](https://precice.org/tutorials.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the [case files of this tutorial](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/tree/develop/wolf-sheep-soil-creep), as continuously rendered here, or see the [latest released version](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/tree/master/wolf-sheep-soil-creep) (if there is already one). Read how in the [tutorials introduction](https://precice.org/tutorials.html).
```

{% endnote %}

## Setup

> This is an implementation of Landlab's [Wolf-Sheep-Grass Model with Soil Creep](https://landlab.csdms.io/tutorials/agent_based_modeling/wolf_sheep/wolf_sheep_with_soil_creep.html) example, coupled via preCICE. We couple the [Wolf-Sheep model from MESA](https://mesa.readthedocs.io/latest/examples/advanced/wolf_sheep.html) with a soil creep model implemented in Landlab.

Reviewer 2: Here would also be a good place to explicitly link to the sources (not just the rendering) and mention that they are licensed under MIT.

> This is an implementation of Landlab's [Wolf-Sheep-Grass Model with Soil Creep](https://landlab.csdms.io/tutorials/agent_based_modeling/wolf_sheep/wolf_sheep_with_soil_creep.html) example, coupled via preCICE. We couple the [Wolf-Sheep model from MESA](https://mesa.readthedocs.io/latest/examples/advanced/wolf_sheep.html) with a soil creep model implemented in Landlab.

Reviewer: Since this tutorial is rather novel for our community, could you please extend this paragraph with a few sentences on the general concept?

## Configuration

preCICE configuration (image generated using the [precice-config-visualizer](https://precice.org/tooling-config-visualization.html)):

![preCICE configuration visualization](images/tutorials-wolf-sheep-soil-creep-precice-config.png)

## Available solvers

Soil-Creep PDE participant:

* Landlab. Numerical modeling of Earth surface dynamics. For more information, have a look at the [Landlab documentation](https://landlab.csdms.io/index.html).

Wolf-Sheep-Grass ABM participant:

* MESA. Agent-based modeling (or ABM) framework. For more information have a look at the [MESA documentation](https://mesa.readthedocs.io/latest/index.html)

## Running the simulation

> Open two separate terminals and start the soil creep and wolf sheep participant by calling the respective run scripts `run.sh` located in each of the participants' directory. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open two separate terminals and start the soil creep and wolf sheep participants by calling the respective run scripts `run.sh` located in each of the participants' directories. For example:
```

```bash
cd soil-creep-landlab
./run.sh
```

and

```bash
cd wolf-sheep-grass-mesa
./run.sh
```

## Post-processing

> The Soil-Creep participant generates Python-based visualizations. The following examples were generated by setting rng=42 in the WolfSheepScenario for the wolf-sheep-grass participant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Soil-Creep participant generates Python-based visualizations. The following examples were generated by setting `rng=42` in the WolfSheepScenario for the wolf-sheep-grass participant.
```
and please add this line in the example above. Also for regression testing, this will be important.
